# AMP-Methods

## Research on UDP/TCP amplification vectors, payloads and mitigations

**The subfolders in this repository will contain the following:**

* Overview README.md
  * Name, Ports, Amplification factors, Update Info
  * Request <> Response Example with test IP (netcat yay!)
  * Potential official documentation
  * Potential mitigation strategies
* The raw payload (e.g. for use in zmap) OR potential scanning script (C).
* Raw socket flood script (C) for analysis to build flowspec or ACL mitigations.

## What is "amplification" in respect to Denial of Service? Give me an Example!

In the context of Denial of Service (DoS) attacks, "amplification" refers to a technique that attackers use to magnify the amount of traffic directed at a target system, overwhelming its resources and causing it to become unavailable to legitimate users. The goal of an amplification attack is to exploit services or protocols that can respond with much larger data packets than the size of the original request. By doing so, attackers can achieve a higher ratio of response traffic to the amount of traffic they initially sent, making it easier to saturate the target's network bandwidth and exhaust its resources.

### Example of an amplification attack using a commonly exploited service

DNS Amplification Attack:
Domain Name System (DNS) is a critical internet service that translates human-readable domain names (like example.com) into IP addresses (like 203.0.113.1) used by computers to communicate. The DNS protocol allows for a feature called "DNS recursion," where DNS servers can query other DNS servers on behalf of a client to resolve a domain name.
In a DNS amplification attack, the attacker sends a relatively small DNS query to an open DNS resolver server on the internet, but they spoof the source IP address to make it appear as if the request is coming from the target they want to attack.

The open DNS resolver server, unaware that the request is spoofed, sends a DNS response to the target system, which is much larger than the original query. Since the response is directed to the target's IP address, not the attacker's, the target system receives a flood of large DNS responses, overwhelming its network and computational resources.

This attack achieves amplification because the response traffic generated by the open DNS resolver is significantly larger than the initial DNS query sent by the attacker. The attacker's small effort in crafting spoofed DNS queries results in a massive response that can cause a significant impact on the target's availability.

## Compiling the C?

General C scripts:

```bash
gcc -pthread -O2 -o binary file.c
```

TCP scripts (requires 32bit compilation to avoid invalid checksum function return values):

```bash
gcc -m32 -pthread -O2 -o binary file.c
```
